in the series the most cakes
easy of the world
today the 4/4 at the very red lights
simple a weight in nine years sugar in
ander flour not make it simpler
there will be a little kind of chemistry
for that push but you will see
it's too much too simple and
against it's economical and more
too easy to do
rafa is gasping parts then
left we start with the bar words
that we have softened in the end they do not have
melted month records soften butter
it is softened or you spend a whole
little bit in the microwave for it to be
a little bit soft or so you have
the master you go out in your kitchen
in the smallest place is your
cooking and a good hour to the advanced
ok so let's go put sugar
you put me a little vanilla sugar
these moments
here we have a mixture of butter and sugar
well homogeneous and we will watch them one by
a girard be a little bit so the
mix because they make me cullens
normal to slaps and we start to
beat in the egg
there is no body of water in fact she has
trouble mixing with the fat of the
Butter
here we have a mixture here we have a
homogeneous mixture we will put the
second goal the cake over ends
almost finished we have to add the
flour but all the varenne of a sudden
the baking powder so the cake reid
inches and I add a beautiful
pinch of salt for barley soil for the
taste to thwart the taste of sugar
sugar butter and know that's what
makes a nice cake
Well, we did it
Here we put in this great mix
homogeneous and cattle and we will put it
in your mold
as I'm going to add fees range
here so raspberries I'm going to do
a small layer of dough
I ride in two and human
raspberries at best and I put some
raspberries in the middle it's clever all
was packed deep down I hope
normally it'll do it so I put
frozen raspberries no need to
thaw vote of fresh never had it
come back a little cheaper close are you
me the last layer is here it is
complete so the rest is not you we
give to be uniformly so I finish
by some raspberries on the top
it's for fun it's for doing it
but not obliged but I like I
am greedy and then I have a slight
cake since you put fruit there our
famous 4/4 at the traffic lights is ready to
to go in cooking we learned to heat
your oven to 175 degrees and there we go the
leather between 35 and 45 minutes depending on
size of your mold according to your oven
the quality of your oven and the true true
test to check the cooking this is the
tip of the knife that must come out
dried
once the qatar and then go i there
go because I really have very very
loud you saw this cake the sport
really made us want to do it
because a 4/4 with red fruits is
super good and the natural acidity of
red fruit business you'll have
to something lighter it's
really very very greedy the longest
a year really really it's
to wait until they cool down
enjoyed